feat: add guide for reveal (#167)
Basis-Theory/basistheory-integration-guides: collections/guides/use/reveal-card-data-with-elements.md

    Your private application created/updated needs <code>read</code> access to this container to continue with this tutorial.
    If you don't have a private application yet that meets this criteria yet, you can <a href="https://portal.basistheory.com/applications/create?application_template_id=e6d4c554-6703-4bbb-b351-42cd2ee5cb5a">click here</a> to create one.
  </span>
</span>

### Create The Expiring Application

Now that the `private` application has the ability to create `expiring` applications, you can use the `private` application API key to create expiring applications from your server-side code.

The example below uses the Basis Theory JS SDK to accomplish this:

```jsx
import { BasisTheory } from '@basis-theory/basis-theory-js';

const bt = await new BasisTheory().init(process.env.BASIS_THEORY_PRIVATE_KEY);

const expiringApplication = await bt.applications.create({
  type: 'expiring',
  expires_at: ttl(),
  rules: [
    {
      description: 'Reveal Card',
      priority: 1,
      transform: 'reveal', // required for reveal
      container: '/pci/high/',
      conditions: [
        {
          attribute: 'id',
          operator: 'EQUALS',

>           value: req.body?.tokenId, // from the request made to the server-side code

Author: This example is out of the demo app and it uses the NextJS API. 
They can see the rest of the code in the repository, I don't like adding it explicitly to the guide because its full of assumptions on a user's infrastructure. This is an advanced feature and I feel like how to build an API is not something we need to have in a guide.

As far as the frontend code snippet, I have it if you look at the final example code in the last section:

```js // fetching the expiring application key from your server side code
    const {
      data: { expiringKey },
    } = await axios.post('/api/authorize');```

```jsx
cardRef.current.setValue(cardToken.data)
```

### Putting it All Together

See the complete code we created in this tutorial below. 

```jsx
import { useRef } from 'react';
import { CardElement, useBasisTheory } from '@basis-theory/basis-theory-react';
import { CardElement as ICardElement } from '@basis-theory/basis-theory-js/types/elements';

export const DisplayCard = () => {
  const { bt } = useBasisTheory();
  const cardRef = useRef<ICardElement>(null);

  const revealCard = async () => {

    // fetching the expiring application key from your server side code
    const {
      data: { expiringKey },
    } = await axios.post('/api/authorize');

    // using the expiring application key to retrieve the token
    const cardToken = await bt.tokens.retrieve(tokenId, { apiKey: expiringKey });

    // setting the token data value into the CardElement
    cardRef.current.setValue(cardToken.data); 
  }

  const cardToken = await bt.tokens.retrieve(tokenId, { apiKey: expiringKey });

  return (
    <>
      <CardElement id="myCard" ref={cardRef}/>
      <button type="button" onClick={revealCard}>Reveal Card</button>
    </>
  );
};
```

> That's it, now the token data can be displayed to the user 🎉, and since your client does not have direct access to the actual data value, it falls out of compliance scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That's it, now the token data can be displayed to the user 🎉, and since your client-side application does not have direct access to the actual data value, it falls out of compliance scope.
```

## Demo Repository

> To better demonstrate this feature, a demo [repository](https://github.com/Basis-Theory-Labs/display-card-example) that you can clone and run on your local machine has been made available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To better demonstrate this feature, a demo [repository](https://github.com/Basis-Theory-Labs/display-card-example) has been made available that you can clone and run on your local machine.
```

> The repository uses a few of the [Element's user experience](https://docs.basistheory.com/elements/#introduction) features to better enhance the usage experience and to make testing easier like:

Reviewer: I'm not really sure what was intended by this sentence - 
1. the demo repository showcases some best practices for working with Elements
2. OR the demo repository showcases how you can build a nice user experience for your end users?
3. OR the demo repository showcases how you can build abstractions around Elements that make the developer experience better? 

Assuming the first interpretation, I took a stab at improving the wording:
```suggestion
This repository showcases some best practices and techniques for simplifying working with [Elements](https://docs.basistheory.com/elements/#introduction), including:
```

> - Adds a `CardElement` for collecting cards that will be subsequently revealed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Shows how to build a `CardElement` for collecting cards that will be subsequently revealed. 
```
